src/features/arkit.md, before:

# ARKit

ARKit command tracks the position and the rotation for various objects.

This command has 3 mode: **DEVICE**, **FACE** and **MARKER**.
These modes correspond to diffrent features of ARKit.

In `DEVICE` mode, ZIG SIM will track the 6DoF position of the device.

In `FACE` mode, ZIG SIM does face tracking.

In `MARKER` mode, ZIG SIM tracks pre-defined markers.
The markers can be obtained here:

(TBD)

## Outputs

### Device Position and Rotation

- OSC Address
  - Position: `/(deviceUUID)/arkitposition`
  - Rotation: `/(deviceUUID)/arkitrotation`
- JSON key
  - Position: `arkit.position`
  - Rotation: `arkit.rotation`

This data is only avalable in `DEVICE` mode and `MARKER` mode.  

In `MARKER` mode the device position is always (0.0, 0.0, 0.0).
This means the marker position is relative position from the device.

### Feature Points

- OSC Address: `/(deviceUUID)/featurepoints`
- JSON key: `arkit.featurePoints`

This data is only available in `DEVICE` mode.

### Marker Position and Rotation

- OSC Address
  - Position: `/(deviceUUID)/imageposition(MARKER_ID)`
  - Rotation: `/(deviceUUID)/imagerotation(MARKER_ID)`
- JSON key
  - Position: `arkit.images[(MARKER_ID)].position`
  - Rotation: `arkit.images[(MARKER_ID)].rotation`

### Feature Points

- OSC Address: `/(deviceUUID)/arkitrotation`
- JSON key: `arkit.rotation`

### Marker Position and Rotation

- OSC Address
  - Position: `/(deviceUUID)/imageposition(MARKER_ID)`
  - Rotation: `/(deviceUUID)/imagerotation(MARKER_ID)`
- JSON key
  - Position: `arkit.images[(MARKER_ID)].position`
  - Rotation: `arkit.images[(MARKER_ID)].rotation`

This data is only avalable in `DEVICE` mode and `MARKER` mode.

## Detail Settings

### Tracking Type

Users can choose objects to detect.

- `DEVICE`: device position, device rotation, feature points' positions.
- `FACE`: device rotation, face position, face rotation, eye position.
- `MARKER`: device rotation, marker position, marker rotation.

### Feature Points

Toggle feature points tracking in device tracking mode.
If `On`, ZIG SIM outputs the positions of the feature points over the network.

Commit message:

Update image-detection.md and slightly arkit.md, ndi.md

src/features/arkit.md, after:

# ARKit

ARKit command tracks the position and the rotation for various objects.

This command has 3 mode: **DEVICE**, **FACE** and **MARKER**.
These modes correspond to diffrent features of ARKit.

In `DEVICE` mode, ZIG SIM will track the 6DoF position of the device.

In `FACE` mode, ZIG SIM does face tracking.

In `MARKER` mode, ZIG SIM tracks pre-defined markers.
The markers can be obtained here:

(TBD)

You cannot use NDI, ARKit and Image Detection simultaneously.

## Outputs

### Device Position and Rotation

- OSC Address
  - Position: `/(deviceUUID)/arkitposition`
  - Rotation: `/(deviceUUID)/arkitrotation`
- JSON key
  - Position: `arkit.position`
  - Rotation: `arkit.rotation`

This data is only avalable in `DEVICE` mode and `MARKER` mode.  

In `MARKER` mode the device position is always (0.0, 0.0, 0.0).
This means the marker position is relative position from the device.

### Feature Points

- OSC Address: `/(deviceUUID)/featurepoints`
- JSON key: `arkit.featurePoints`

This data is only available in `DEVICE` mode.

### Marker Position and Rotation

- OSC Address
  - Position: `/(deviceUUID)/imageposition(MARKER_ID)`
  - Rotation: `/(deviceUUID)/imagerotation(MARKER_ID)`
- JSON key
  - Position: `arkit.images[(MARKER_ID)].position`
  - Rotation: `arkit.images[(MARKER_ID)].rotation`

### Feature Points

- OSC Address: `/(deviceUUID)/arkitrotation`
- JSON key: `arkit.rotation`

### Marker Position and Rotation

- OSC Address
  - Position: `/(deviceUUID)/imageposition(MARKER_ID)`
  - Rotation: `/(deviceUUID)/imagerotation(MARKER_ID)`
- JSON key
  - Position: `arkit.images[(MARKER_ID)].position`
  - Rotation: `arkit.images[(MARKER_ID)].rotation`

This data is only avalable in `DEVICE` mode and `MARKER` mode.

## Detail Settings

### Tracking Type

Users can choose objects to detect.

- `DEVICE`: device position, device rotation, feature points' positions.
- `FACE`: device rotation, face position, face rotation, eye position.
- `MARKER`: device rotation, marker position, marker rotation.

### Feature Points

Toggle feature points tracking in device tracking mode.
If `On`, ZIG SIM outputs the positions of the feature points over the network.
